PROTOCOL 01 - Gift:
a) No Politics.
b) No Profit based Sponsors/Validators/Companies.
c) Consumers can be everyone (Businesses or Consumers).
d) Sponsors are companies or personalities,  which decide to contribute to buckets.
e) Buckets are local pools of money that can grow and spill to adjacent buckets.
f) Buckets are "assigned" per user physical location (detected and confirmed).
g) Main Consumer Bucket will be the "not filled" closest to them, per ascending order of required money.
h) Main Sponsor Bucket will be the "emptiest" local Bucket @Country level.

PROTOCOL 02 - Buckets:
a) Buckets are pools of money to aid Small Open door Businesses (PROTOCOL ...).
b) When a Bucket is full, it spills to the one adjacent (ordered by needs).
c) Buckets are adjoined from smaller to largest (street *to define size*, neighborhood, town, municipality/county, Region/State, Country, Continent.
e) Buckets are filled and emptied according to needs per time unit (week/month/quarter).
f) Buckets are accrued by the Tax Offices and two other non-profitable institutions of each area (see 02.c).
g) The Bucket Overall value is donated equally according to Priority Protocol (04).

Protocol 03 - Businesses
a) Businesses, are defined as anyone who in the scope of individual, then family, then organization are in dire need of money to keep their business open or to pay themselves and/or their employees.
b) Businesses need ot be validated by the Tax Identification number.
c) Businesses are ordered per category (vital activities connected to health, food, shelter, etc, then essential such as pet food, restaurants, taxis, etc, and finally non-essential, such as hairdressers, nail salons, painters, etc...)
d) Businesses can still receive gifts from consumers, on the minimum period available.
e) Businesses value demand should be proritized on health>food>housing for them, then their employees' health>food>housing - see Priority Protocol (05).
f) Businesses can (and should) when possible, still attempt to run their business by providing services/goods to be order for later supply (vouchers/discounts/programs, etc...) - see Promises Protocol (04). 

Protocol 04 - Promises
a) Promises are Goods or Services that Consumers/Sponsors will pay for in-app directly, for a later delivery, when the pandemic is over and provided the Business capacity isn't full.
b) Consumers will acquire the goods/services for later date pending Business Capacity.
c) Sponsors will pay for those goods/services but only for direct or inderect donation (avoiding "slavery" practices).
d) Businesses can link their offers (Promises) given specific format, advertised by Consumer location.  

Protocol 05 - Priority
a) Priorities can be set on a local basis, i.e. which Businesses exist at each level (02.c)
b) A Priority Matrix will be negotiated given the category of the Business and number or dependent people.
c) General Priority should go to People's Health>Food>Housing>Work for them and their direct families.
d) Priority Levels are ordered by Vital, Essential, Non-Essential and Luxury

Protocol 06 - Sponsors
a) Sponsors are Individuals or Institutions that will want to cooperate with Virtuosa, either on People, Tools or Resources.
b) Sponsors are not eligible for direct/indirect payments via App.
c) Sponsors need to agree with the terms of Sponsoring under Agreements (see 12)

Protocol 07 - Laws
a) The App needs to comply with local legislation for each Country or Pact, for which volunteers will need to draft and approve the App rules and confirm it's processes.
b) The App needs to define a risk map to whew and how the risk of non-compliance with the laws can be breach and provide mitigation/elimination strategies.
c) Whenever possible, the App needs to be managed with a Compliance and Assurance strategy to avoid/mitigate any legal actions against the App.
d) The App must comply with GDPR (for EU) and all other Data Protection Regulations accross the world.
e) Where DP laws and Regulations are not available, the stronger one should be applicable.

Protocol 08 - Languages
a) The application UI needs to be implemented in all languages of all countries where the app is approved and validated.
b) Language is chosen per user device, default is English.
c) Documentation, tutorials, FAQs, agreements and any other materials will be available in the following order: EN>ES>FR>PT>DE.
d) Translations need to be validated by Teams/Validators.
e) Language use should be innequivocal and clear enough for illeterate people to be able to understand the concept.

Protocol 09 - Tools
a) Tools used for workflow will be defined by Core Team and considered as the "official" tools for decision, development and use.
b) Tools should be procured as free for use by teams, or "special" circumstancial licensing can be provided by Sponsors.
c) Different tools may be required for different teams/workflow.

Protocol 10 - Technologies
a) Technologies to use should be open source or offered by Sponsors under special licensing.
b) Technologies should provide long-term support for the App, not less than 5 years. 

Protocol 11 - Ledgers
a) Ledgers should be kept using e.g. blockchain to be verifiable and integral. 
b) Ledgers should be open and readable by anyone.
c) Personal Ientifiers should not be available to public, other than the Validators.
d) Ledgers must at all times protect Personal Data.

Protocol 12 - Agreements
a) Agreements should be negotiated, agreed, initiated and operated with Sponsors and Validators given the best practices frameworks available such as SOX, PRINCE, ITIL, etc.
b) Agreements are public and translated to at least 5 languages (see 08.c).
c) Agreements are approved only by Collegium Team (see 13.a)

Protocol 13 - Teams
a) Main Team Accountable for the App and Protocols is Collegium Team.
b) Each Protocol should be governed by a Governance Team.
c) Each Workflow Task is delivered by a Core Team.
d) Each Core Team can have as many membrs as required, bu managed by a Task Owner.

Protocol 14 - Improvements
a) Improvements to Protocols and or App functionality are governed by Collegium and Governance Teams with approval of Validators/Consumers. 
b) Improvements cannot at any time or for any reason transform the App away from Protocol 01 a, b.

Protocol 15 - Releases
a) First release to be chieved when all Protocols have initial version, and App is fully functional on Core Minimum.
b) Releases should be silent for user and provide enough clarity to users.
c) Distribution is Free and should be free always.
d) future after Pandemic can be defined on a new Protocol - Future.
